Docs/license keys (#5959)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/using-unleash/deploy/license-keys.mdx

- For **Unleash Open Source**, no license is necessary and these steps do not apply.
:::

Areas of license key management that will be covered include:

- [License policy](#license-policy)
  - [Enforcement](#enforcement)
- [Obtaining a new or updated license](#obtaining-a-new-or-updated-license)
  - [New Customers](#new-customers)
  - [Existing Customers](#existing-customers)
- [Installing a new or replacing an existing license](#installing-a-new-or-replacing-an-existing-license)
  - [Admin UI](#admin-ui)
  - [Environment Variable](#environment-variable)
  
***
## License policy

License keys are leveraged for self-hosted Unleash Enterprise instance(s) to be compliant with the following aspects of a customer agreement:

- **Seat count** (# of licensed users)
- **Contract duration** (expiration date)

These parameters are encoded into the license key. Therefore, installation of a new license key per self-hosted instance will be required should changes to any of the above occur (for example, increased seat count or contract renewal).

Separate license keys are required per Unleash instance, for example, a dev or production instance would have separate keys.

:::warning

> Sharing keys between instances is not permitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reusing Unleash keys across multiple installations is prohibited under the terms of your license.
```

:::
***
### Admin UI

:::info
This area of the UI can also be used to verify the currently installed key details
:::

1) Log in to the Unleash UI as an admin privileged user  
2) Navigate to the *admin menu (gear icon) -> License*  
3) If a key is already installed, the following details will be shown:
- Customer name
- Plan
- Seat count
- License expiration date
  
4) Paste the new license key and click *Update license key*

![License overview screen](/img/license-overview.png)
***
### Environment Variable

License key installation or update through an environment variable on container deployment is also possible, using the format `UNLEASH_LICENSE`.

For security, if using [helm charts](https://github.com/Unleash/helm-charts) or docker compose to deploy Unleash, a best practice would be to setup the license key as a secret and reference it in the helm configuration [values.yaml](https://github.com/Unleash/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/unleash/values.yaml) or [docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/blob/main/docker-compose.yml).

:::info

> These link to Unleash open source resources. Image references should be updated to point to *unleash-enterprise* as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default image references in the Helm chart point to open-source Unleash resources. To use Unleash Enterprise, you must manually update the image references to point to the appropriate *unleash-enterprise* images
```
